hey welcome back to list what list what
Polian died had to cut that fucking
video cuz whose clothes ripping off get
the recognition he was good not because
he doesn't take these video game series
oh oh there you go for doing he's safe
Steve yeah good good thing he shaved it
just hit me death I should have seen you
stated before she got all out of rewind
oh we missed that jockey Oh guys he's
just bad at this game cuz he was out
shooting Wolverines with the shotgun
golf go go go array became views like
rewinds right watch our anger and in the
blob whoever did you can't even use
rewinds properly look we become unstuck
in time slaughterhouse-five in this game
oh wait doctor I'm in tow in videogame
form this is Louisa so trusted he's
gonna start getting tattoos off over the
hill it's gonna read up there no star
I'm just Luigi's life like I started
here oh oh it's gonna kill him kill I'm
suppose you didn't somehow managed to
die well is it into a maiden is a star
no I used our man that was that was
pretty bad place man wart noticed it
can't be worked alright have fun why
have i er pretty much my favorite Amelie
yeah
he's the first guy I've ever seen have
to rely on rack the boss to let him get
in to find out right oh my oh you know
the first boss is always fun oh oh oh
yeah kicked his ass man oh shit shit
those bulbs with a full song hahaha you
could definitely pick up bombs as soon
as they started linking whoa oh that's a
dramatic pause there yeah oh you want to
go to England don't we watch it like
enemy okay maybe one how did it end up
right there Oh God good I think you
wanted to go in like bullet time and
spin around mario is well just throw the
bomb just got bored though it's like oh
you see that shit did you see that chick
guy well will you see him cash that and
then throw it in completely obvious
direction I'm sure he managed somehow to
cut off fingers reviews encoding this
video he's the type of person who isn't
allowed used for combo to hear him call
the other guy the dumbass it's a little
sad that you keep blowing yourself up oh
don't ask my you two bombs at me he's
died more times to this boss and I died
to the clone in life inning adventure
and that video was an hour and 30
minutes long damn damn mario has now
died once for every person in the
holocaust bullshit never forget okay
wait for the bomb oh oh yes I was Bryce
I'm attic boom I'm surprised you didn't
run directly into the pile the bomb I
was gonna blow stuff up one more time oh
you'd never learn oh we tricked this no
it can't well you gotta get safe state
just to make sure come on pls go I don't
push your luck real quick so topical
oh I would totally do hilarious if this
is knocking me before Oh bath you
bastards Oh enough sure he gets how
these slots work all you is close to
match kick natural nope there you go
again I like how even when he doesn't
match the first two he keeps going until
he doesn't match all three oh oh oh well
if you go Cheerios burn let's play them
for real if you a church you made it
here better grind up to slice it gets
pretty fun this game for children it's
really a pause the video and come back
when you got 90 ever know can you can go
back and fight the nose boss again if I
say this about us video kind of led to
stomp it off you can see it now you
imagine if this was actually like a
thread you'd imagine it really loud he's
killing into my brain but fucking ears
oh ok hated yet get to speak louder so
i'll just talk abou but get really love
me to do we play again really got one
wrong ok that's party magic like the
thread you telling me this end with
website well since it's like Chinese he
said we get asked him to stop so yeah
please please oh that's all stop I can I
I feel the need to be super mario
brothers too hello good because it is
the best game in the world but but cuz
what's the organic why is the VIP why is
he not recording in the videos just
skipping horrendously London for me oh
oh I'm like a second behind you guys
imagine can you imagine in the thread
that he posted that in got guys doing
this without save states is just
impossible test no one in the history of
the world has ever see super mario
brothers to without saying that you
would know how to beat this fossil i got
the strategy guide girl